END-USER SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE AGREEMENT

MathTime (tm) Professional Fonts

Read this license agreement carefully before agreeing to it.  You may
use PCTeX with MathTime Professional Fonts ("Product") only if you
agree to the following terms and conditions.  If you do not agree to
the following terms and conditions, you must not use the Product.  The
following are the terms and conditions to which you agree upon
downloading the software:

1. The Product contains font software which generates typeface designs
("Font Software").  You may not alter Font Software for the purpose of adding any
functionality which such Font Software did not have when delivered to you as
part of the Product.  You may not embed Font Software into a document which is
distributed as a commercial product in exchange for a fee or other
consideration (for example, End-Users shall not embed Font Software into an
electronic book that is offered to the public for a fee). 

2. The Product may be used with your computer only and may not be
reformatted or decompiled for any purpose.  The Product can only be used
for your "Internal Use" and not for resale, sublicensing, or further
distribution.  As used herein, "Internal Use" shall mean use in the
course of your customary and ordinary business.  Internal Use shall
not include any distribution whatsoever of the Product or any component
thereof except that you may electronically distribute Internal Use
documents created by the Product in a static graphic image or in an
embedded electronic document which is distributed in a format that
permits only the viewing and printing (and not the editing, altering,
enhancing, or modifying) of such static graphic image or embedded
document.  Internal Use shall not include any use of the Product by
entities that are neither your authorized employees nor your
authorized agents.  All such employees and agents shall be notified
by you as to the terms and conditions of the End-User Agreement and
shall agree to be bound by it.  As used herein, "Internal Use" shall
occur when an individual is able to give commands (whether by
keyboard or otherwise) that are followed by the Font Software, regardless of the
location in which the Font Software resides.

3. The Product may not be used to create any electronic document in which
Licensed Type Software is embedded in a document in a format which may be
edited, altered, enhanced, or modified by the recipient of such
document.

4. The Product may not be duplicated or copied except for one copy for
archival purposes, program error verification or to replace defective
media.  All copies must remain in your possession and bear the
copyright notices contained on the original except that an archival
copy may be placed for safekeeping in the hands of a third party that
otherwise has no right to use such copy.  All archival copies placed
in hands of a third party must contain all proprietary notices set
forth on the original Product.

5. No copies of the Product may be produced for any purpose other than
those purposes expressly permited in paprgraph 2 above.

6. This license does not transfer any right, title, or interest in
the Product to you except as specifically set forth herein.  You are
on notice that Personal TeX claims protection of this software
product under copyright laws.  The Product may have been developed by
an independent third party software supplier, which holds copyright
or other proprietary rights to its software product.  You may be held
responsible by this supplier for any infringement of such rights by
you.

7. Personal TeX reserves the right to terminate this license upon
breach.  In the event of termination, you will be required to return
all copies of this product or provide Personal TeX with a
certificate of destruction of all copies.

8. In the event you modify the Product or include it in any other
software program, upon termination of this license, you agree either
to remove the software product or any portion thereof from the
modified program and return it to Personal TeX or to provide Personal
TeX with a certificate of destruction thereof.

9. If this product is acquired under the terms of a (i) GSA contract
- use, reproduction or disclosure is subject to the restrictions set
forth in the applicable ADP Schedule contract; (ii) DOD contract -
use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to
restrictions set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of 252.277-7013;
(iii) Civilian agency contract - use, reproduction or disclosure is
subject to 52.277-19(a) through (d) and restrictions set forth in the
accompanying End User Agreement.  All rights reserved under the
copyright laws of the United States.  Agfa Monotype Corporation, 985
Busse Road, Elk Grove Village, Illinois 60007-2400 U.S.A.
